add some docs around metadata and camelCasing (#4647)
HHS/simpler-grants-gov: documentation/frontend/code-style.md

- don't abuse (or maybe even use) abbreviations
- think about searchability

> Also, `camelCase` should be used by default. Objects coming in from outside sources, such as API response payloads, may use `snake_case`, and there is no need to avoid using snake case in those instances, but any newly defined variables within the NextJS app should use camel case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, `camelCase` should be used by default. Objects coming in from outside sources, such as API response payloads, may use `snake_case`, and there is no need to avoid using snake case in those instances, but any newly defined variables within the Next.js app should use camel case.
```

extreme nit, "Next.js" is how next describes itself https://nextjs.org/

### Snapshots & Page Component Tests

> We have observed that running typical Jest unit tests on dynamic Next JS page level components is complicated and generally does not provide much value. When creating any new pages, feel free to rely on snapshot based tests rather than functional tests for these components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have observed that running typical Jest unit tests on dynamic Next.js page level components is complicated and generally does not provide much value. When creating any new pages, feel free to rely on snapshot based tests rather than functional tests for these components.
```

Out of scope extreme nit, Next.js spelling / case
